Doc: add Tableau guide (#20030)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/integrations/_index.md

| Preset             | {{< supportLevel alpha >}}       | Connect using the [PostgreSQL database driver](https://superset.apache.org/docs/databases/postgres/).                                                                                                                                                                                               | [](#notify) |
| Looker             | {{< supportLevel alpha >}}       | Connect using the [PostgreSQL database driver](https://superset.apache.org/docs/databases/postgres/).                                                                                                                                                                                               | [](#notify) |
| Google Data Studio | {{< supportLevel alpha >}}       | Connect using the [PostgreSQL database driver](https://support.google.com/datastudio/answer/7288010?hl#how-to-connect-to-postgresql&zippy=%2Cin-this-article).                                                                                                                                      | [](#notify) |

> | Tableau            | {{< supportLevel alpha >}}       | Connect using the [PostgreSQL database driver](https://help.tableau.com/current/pro/desktop/en-us/examples_postgresql.htm). See the [Tableau integration page](/integrations/tableau/) for more details. | [](#notify) |

Reviewer: One of the versions I pushed left a note about the JDBC driver. If possible, I think it'd be great to call out that there is complexity here, as the default PostgreSQL driver definitively does _not_ work with Materialize. Might even be better not to mention "use the PostgreSQL driver" at all here, and instead just say "See the Tableau integration page."

```suggestion
| Tableau            | {{< supportLevel alpha >}}       | Connect using the [PostgreSQL database driver](https://help.tableau.com/current/pro/desktop/en-us/examples_postgresql.htm). Use the JDBC-based driver. See the [Tableau guide](/integrations/tableau) for more details. | [](#notify) |
```
